I guess it's gun grab know you can spawn
in a car you just click on the car what
they just landed their chopper next time
oh yeah III thought you were talking
about like squad spawning a feeling good
what are you having me drive we all have
the cars again away trust you implicitly
guessing all right I need somebody to
spawn with me ah a little preoccupied
here on a car chase I'm in delta with
one seat come sit on my lip get the
kindle and repeatedly God we're gonna oh
god forgot a green launcher I could
guess what are you are you brother you
guys in Bravo there we go gouge of G hey
Natasha get it I it you hither tires
really and it's I spotted boost at all
which one I don't I you have to buy
nitrous
shoot them in the face I'm in your
vanity guys specimen of the deal baby
shushu pl2 so we just shopping yes we've
got this this this shirt SZ that's easy
we do this buddy it's reloading okay
here we go keep going dick sit down oh
yeah those m
member
I'm second get what is the gate slam
damage into him what crashing again
doing his lips what is crandon was I
think the end of the sea vanjess is fine
like finished mouth all right go after
him go take your eyes take its blow nice
let me get the guy coz get up a word
what we're on you later I don't know if
I have our repair kit we're gonna need
repairs yeah I can't do that right now I
can die myself I don't try to sniper
that's fine it's fine I'm gonna come up
let's get these cars max 8 alpha alpha
max I'm kill me
alphas going down he's blown up Wow nice
well worst fucking time to fly over
dating yeah I got killed explosion I
knew is gonna happen to it right here
they're getting in a helicopter late now
which one are you guys well they
certainly don't have a car which which
one are you helicopter goodbye d we're
by dean c oh my god that's cool spawn
great spot the best spot I want that
look after omits is ready that it comes
ahead occultist I don't want the chopper
I was looking for people who write a try
to get back in with the other one it
seems oh ok god all right let's go yeah
our bottom muscle car that's wrong it's
a sniper on the ipod gaseous get out of
that alpha my a shotgun then are you on
criminals yes yeah that would be why
you're not able to coordinate with us I
just switched teams ok ok I'm telling
you can't switch teams all right so
which letter R after that cyclist which
letter are you guys oh god oh god which
letter hey I ain't but all of our shit
has just exploded now Dean him by d he's
driving away though I just I thought oh
my god I just today you guys okay I'm
with you guys
I stood in the middle of the road in
shock and some guy out of a car max you
sit there with a grenade launcher out
we are funded Isaac's empty let's go for
the other gloves you can see neon the
cars by me see can you take his belt on
the right side go i'm gonna go I see you
back there I don't fight it out I think
be careful that means what we're gonna
go in your hand yep going to ground
riddick oh hey guys happy yeah we got a
quick okay let's max you need Oh max
this guy taking guy oh yeah all right go
go think is here it's me and Nikki I'll
get back at the nitrous Nick look at the
nitrous spark and I stylus is so
unnecessary we're at anchor we're good
dude we're good okay I got out Hank oh
you got it I got attention oh all about
a mo I can't give myself a mo UN yum it
is anyone what the hell is behind us
skater babe I don't know oh no they're
gonna come to us and they're gonna die
ready
you up
e
Oh
you
me